>> Brian Holt: Okay, so yeah,
going back to action creators.
Yeah, and
then let's make it work in details.
Okay, so
now we need to import connect at the top.
Import  from 'react-redux'.
>> Brian Holt: And we also need to import
>> Brian Holt: getOMDBDetails from
'./actionCreators'.
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
we're also gonna need func right there
from PropTypes,
>> Brian Holt: And
we're gonna need a couple
more prop types down here.
We're gonna need an omdbData,
>> Brian Holt: One
with a shape that includes imdbID: string
as well as a dispatch which is a func.
>> Brian Holt: We're gonna
drop getInitialState.
>> Brian Holt: We're gonna drop
everything inside of componentDidMount.
Instead, what we're gonna do is
if this.props.omdbdata.imdbRating.
So basically hey if I don't
already have information for
the imdbrating that means I don't
have it yet back from the server.
So you need to go ask for it.
So what I'm gonna do here is I'm
gonna say this.props.dispatch,
getOMDBDetails, with
this.props.show.imdbID.
>> Brian Holt: Does that make sense?
Because think of the use case, where
you go to the house of cards page and
then go back to the search page, then
you go back to the house of cards again.
You already have all that data in.
So the second time you don't have to
request it because it's already going to
be there the first time, right?
Sorry, the second time.
[LAUGH] We're probably coming on
a point for a coffee break for Brian
>> Speaker 2: Could you circle back
to the add omdbData again?
>> Brian Holt: In the Action Creators?
>> Speaker 2: No I think-
>> Brian Holt: Or in the reducers-
>> Speaker 2: Yeah, reducer.
Okay, so Amber's wondering if
the signature is right on that.
Amber, if you're listening,
could you please,
tell which one you're talking about?
>> Brian Holt: So
this is gonna be the newOMDBData, right?
>> Speaker 2: Right.
>> Brian Holt: Then we're going to merge
it infrom whatever we got back from
the API.
Then we're going to merge that
into the state object and
we turn that as the new state.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah, I think it
could be where you're calling that,
not where you're defining it.
You're calling it when you dispatch.
>> Speaker 2: Which one?
>> Brian Holt: In the Action Creators,
1.16 of Action Creators.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah.
No, I see what they're saying.
Yeah, this isn't supposed to be an object
>> Brian Holt: Yep,
good catch, right, because this is just a
function, imdbID and omdbData right there.
>> Brian Holt: Did someone else
point that out, originally?
I just wasn't paying attention.
I think so, I think the answer to that
is yes, someone else pointed it out.
>> Speaker 2: Okay, so
we'll finish making this work, and
before I get to the next section,
we'll take a coffee break for Brian.
[LAUGH] Okay, so back to details.
>> Speaker 2: So
if the data is not there request new data,
if the data is there then
don't worry about it.
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
>> Brian Holt: The only thing we gotta
change in render is rating now comes from,
>> Brian Holt: props,
so I change both of those to props.
So, if props at omdbid imdbRating.
The rating is equal to this .props.
So, these two right here have to change.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, and
then, go down to the bottom.
>> Brian Holt: And
we're going to say const mapStateToProps.
State ownProps.
So here's another little thing you can do.
With mapStateToProps you can ask for
a second parameter which is please give
me also the properties coming in for
details, right.
So details is also going to get imdbID,
which I need to select the correct
show to provide to details, right?
So this is just saying that please
give me in addition to the state of
the reduct store, give me the props for
the react component.
And that's what these own props are.
Does that make sense?
These are the props for
the react component.
So const omdbData =
state.omdbData[ownProps.show.imdbID] and
then we're gonna do a turn area.
>> Brian Holt: So a turn area is just a
really short way of doing a if statement,
inside of JavaScript.
So basically it's saying, if the
state.omdbDate exists, then give me that.
Otherwise give me, I think it empty
object here, it's just empty objects.
So if this first part is true,
then give me the first thing.
If the first part here is false,
then give me the second part.
You okay with that?
>> Brian Holt: So you could totally write
this as an if statement if you wanted to.
So if that,
>> Brian Holt: Then
omdbData is equal to that, else,
omdbData equals empty object.
Well, I'll leave that up for a second,
but this little part right here and
these lines right here do the same thing.
>> Speaker 2: Looks like
you have a typo in 55.
imdb should be imdbID.
>> Brian Holt: Yep.
>> Brian Holt: Yep, so
I'll just leave that commented out,
if you wanna hold onto that.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, and then we just need
to return an object of that omdbData.
>> Speaker 2: Question, if you access
getState in the action creator is it
possible to keep that logic there and
keep the component simple?
>> Brian Holt: The answer is
you would have to restructure,
I'm sure that you can get that to work.
But the answer is, we're not always
going to call that action, right?
Because on the second time,
we don't wanna call
that action because we don't want
to request again from the API.
>> Speaker 2: Broader question,
can Redux be used to maintain data that
needs to be periodically refreshed?
Like, for example, stock prices?
In other words,
is there some kind of built-in support for
calling the function like OMDBDetails
automatically every n minutes?
>> Brian Holt: I mean,
there's JavaScript setInterval.
[LAUGH] So no,
there's no periodic refresh.
>> Speaker 2: No built in sort of thing,
right.
>> Brian Holt: There's
nothing special there.
I would probably use something like, Redux
observable would be a really good fit for
that, because that does
periodics really well.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, last thing, before I
forget, we're gonna do connect down here,
connect()(Details),
>> Brian Holt: And
we need to give it mapStateToProps.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
let's go make sure this works.
After that I'll push a branch.
Get rid of that, refresh.
Okay, so
now we're gonna go to House of Cards.
>> Brian Holt: Notice
that this still shows up.
But here's the beautiful part.
If we're gonna watch
the Network tab down here.
Network, just refresh that so
you can see what actually happens.
So you can see this GET here
from the 304 right there.
Now if I go back, and I click it
again it doesn't re-request it again.
Whereas if I go to Daredevil,
I'll get another request down there.
So that's the compelling
part here is that we're not
re-requesting that data every single time.
It's now built into our store.
In fact if you want to see
that let's just bring that up
>> Brian Holt: Where is our redux?
My dev tools are having a hard time today.
But you can actually look inside of the
Redux dev tools and you can see the state,
and you can see all of these shows
being stored inside of Redux.
We're now officially done writing
app code, just so you know.
That's the complete introduction to
the client side react, client side Redux.
You are well equipped to go out and
write like Netflix style apps.
We don't really use much more than that.
So you can pretty well build just about
anything with the tools I've
showed you today so far.
We're gonna do a little
bit more with testing,
cuz we broke all of our
tests in the process.
Go team.
And so we're gonna do that,
we're gonna do universal rendering, so
rendering our app with node.
We're gonna do chunking with webpack.
And then we're gonna do a little
fun experiment at the end to
greatly reduce our file size with Preact,
but we'll get there.
Did you have any questions?